>>> OUR BREAKING NEWS TONIGHT.
THREE OFFICERS DEAD, THREE
WOUNDED IN BATON ROUGE.
A TOUGH DAY FOR BATON ROUGE AND
FOR THE COUNTRY.
HERE TO TALK ABOUT HOW TO KEEP
OUR POLICE SAFE IS SHERIFF DAVID
CLARK OF MILWAUKEE COUNTY,
WISCONSIN.
HE'S GOING TO BE SPEAKING AT THE
REPUBLICAN CONVENTION TOMORROW
NIGHT.
SHERIFF, THANK YOU VERY MUCH FOR
THAT.
HORRIFIC DAY.
SPOKE TO THE HEADS OF THE
SHERIFF DEPARTMENT AND POLICE
DEPARTMENT AND THE STATE POLICE
DOWN THERE.
THEY TOLD US HOW THEIR HEARTS
WERE REELING.
THEIR MESSAGE IS PEACE AND
COMING TOGETHER IN THE COUNTRY.
WHAT'S YOUR MESSAGE?
>> YOU DON'T BELIEVE THAT FOR
ONE MINUTE, DO YOU?
>> THAT THEIR MESSAGE IS?
>> THAT'S WHAT THEY SAID TO ME.
>> OKAY.
YEAH, I BELIEVE THEM.
>> PROTESTS OVER THE DEATHS OF
THE COPS IN BATON ROUGE?
>> I DON'T KNOW THAT.
>> ANY RIOTS OR PROTESTS OVER
THE POLICE OFFICERS IN DALLAS,
TEXAS?
>> WHAT ARE YOU ASKING?
>> IT'S A PRETTY SIMPLE
QUESTION.
>> I ASKED YOU WHAT YOUR MESSAGE
TO THE PEOPLE, THEIR MESSAGE IS
ONE OF PEACE.
WHAT IS YOUR MESSAGE?
>> MY MESSAGE HAS BEEN CLEAR
FROM DAY ONE TWO YEARS AGO.
THIS ANTI-COP SENTIMENT FROM
THIS HATEFUL IDEOLOGY CALLED
BLACK LIVES MATTER HAS FUELED
THIS RAGE AGAINST THE AMERICAN
POLICE OFFICER.
I PREDICTED THIS TWO YEARS AGO.
>> DO YOU KNOW THAT THIS WAS
BECAUSE OF THAT?
>> YES, I DO.
>> AS A LAW ENFORCEMENT
OFFICER --
>> I'VE BEEN WATCHING THIS FOR
TWO YEARS.
I'VE PREDICTED THIS.
THIS ANTI-POLICE RHETORIC
SWEEPING THE COUNTRY HAS TURNED
OUT SOME HATEFUL THINGS INSIDE
OF PEOPLE THAT ARE NOW PLAYING
THEMSELVES OUT ON THE AMERICAN
POLICE OFFICER.
I WANT TO KNOW WITH ALL OF THE
BLACK ON BLACK VIOLENCE IN THE
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, BY THE
WAY, WHEN THE TRAGEDIES HAPPENED
IN LOUISIANA AND MINNESOTA, YOU
KNOW THAT 21 BLACK PEOPLE WERE
MURDERED ACROSS THE UNITED
STATES?
WAS THERE ANY REPORTING ON THAT?
>> BLACK OFFICER WHO WAS KILLED
TODAY.
>> WAS THERE ANY REPORTING ON
THAT?
>> SHERIFF, PLEASE.
LET'S JUST KEEP THE VIBE DOWN
HERE.
SO I UNDERSTAND, AND, LISTEN --
>> I'M LOOKING AT THREE DEAD
COPS THIS WEEK AND I AM LOOKING
AT FIVE LAST WEEK.
YOU'RE TRYING TO TELL ME TO KEEP
IT DOWN?
>> CAN WE JUST PLEASE?
WE CAN KEEP IT CIVIL.
THE MESSAGE TO PEOPLE AT HOME,
I'M SURE YOU WANT IS ONE OF
CIVILITY.
>> DON, I WISH YOU HAD THAT
MESSAGE OF CIVILITY --
>> I'M TRYING TO HAVE A
CONVERSATION WITH YOU --
>> FOR THIS HATEFUL IDEOLOGY.
THESE PURVEYORS OF HATE.
>> WHAT I WANT TO SAY TO YOU IS
THESE PEOPLE -- ARE  WISCONSIN,
HERE LIVE IN CLEVELAND, YOU'RE
SET TO SPEAK TOMORROW.
AND ALL I WANT TO DO IS HAVE A
CONVERSATION WITH YOU, I CAN'T
HAVE A CONVERSATION WITH YOU IF
WE'RE BOTH TALKING AT THE SAME
TIME.
WHAT IT SOUNDS LIKE TO ME IS
THAT YOU'RE ACCUSING ME OF
VIOLENCE, BY SUPPORTING A
NARRATIVE THAT I'M NOT
NECESSARILY IN SUPPORT OF.
I DON'T SUPPORT VIOLENCE AGAINST
POLICE OFFICERS OR ANYONE.
IF YOU WANT TO HAVE A
CONVERSATION, I AM MORE THAN
WILLING TO WELCOME A
CONVERSATION WITH YOU, I DON'T
DISAGREE WITH YOU THAT THERE'S A
NARRATIVE ACROSS THE COUNTRY
THAT COULD BE HARMING POLICE
OFFICERS, BUT WE DON'T KNOW
RIGHT NOW, AS SOMEONE WHO WAS IN
LAW ENFORCEMENT, IF THAT WAS THE
ACTUAL CAUSE OF IT.
>> LET ME ASK YOU THIS, DO WE
KNOW THAT GENERALLY THE AMERICAN
LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS ARE
RACIST?
DO WE KNOW THIS?
>> GO ON.
>> I ASKED A QUESTION.
>> DO I KNOW THAT IN GENERAL
AMERICAN LAW ENFORCEMENT IS
RA
RACIST?
IF YOU'RE ACCUSING THAT LAW
ENFORCEMENT ACROSS THIS COUNTRY
AS A WHOLE IS RACIST, THEN YOUR
ASSUMPTION IS WRONG.
>> THIS WHOLE ANTI-POLICE
RHETORIC IS BASED ON A LIE.
THERE IS NO DATA, AND YOU KNOW
THIS, THERE IS NO DATA, THERE IS
NO RESEARCH THAT PROVES ANY OF
THAT NONSENSE.
NONE.
>> YOU HAVE TO BE MORE SPECIFIC
ABOUT WHAT DATA AND WHAT
NONSENSE YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT.
>> THAT LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS
TREAT BLACK MALES DIFFERENT THAN
WHITE MALES IN POLICING IN THESE
URBAN CENTERS.
>> THERE IS DATA THAT SUPPORTS
THAT.
>> THERE IS NOT DATA.
>> THE PRESIDENT SPOKE ABOUT IT.
CEDRIC ALEXANDER, WHO'S A LAW
ENFORCEMENT OFFICER.
>> THE PRESIDENT IS LYING ABOUT
IT.
HE SAID IT THE OTHER DAY WHEN HE
SAID THAT BLACK MALES ARE TWO
TIMES MORE LIKELY TO BE SHOT BY
A WHITE POLICE OFFICER AN A
BLACK POLICE OFFICER.
THAT IS A LIE.
>> THAT IS NOT A LIE.
THE RESEARCH THAT WE HAVE FROM
"THE WASHINGTON POST" --
>> "THE WASHINGTON POST"
DEBUNKED THAT NONSENSE.
>> SHERIFF, THERE'S ALSO
RESEARCH --
>> HE CONTINUES.
>> FROM A HARVARD PROFESSOR THAT
ALSO SHOWED THAT BLACK PEOPLE
ARE TREATED MORE AGGRESSIVELY BY
POLICE OFFICERS --
>> NO, YOU WHERE WRONG AND YOUR
INTERPRETATION OF THAT HARVARD
STUDY, I READ THE STUDY.
THAT'S NOT WHAT HE SAID.
HE SAID HE WAS SURPRISED TO
FIND --
>> HE WAS SURPRISED TO FIND THAT
IN SHOOTINGS, THE MOST SEVERE IN
SHOOTINGS, HE FOUND NO EVIDENCE
THAT THERE WAS A DIFFERENCE.
ALSO IT SHOULD BE NOTED, THAT
THERE'S A STUDY OF A VERY SMALL
SAMPLING OF POLICE DEPARTMENTS
ACROSS THE COUNTRY, MANY DID NOT
FIND IT CREDIBLE.
BUT IT'S ALSO INTERESTING THAT
IN THAT RESEARCH HE FOUND THAT
BLACK WERE TREATED DIFFERENTLY
WHEN IT CAME TO AGGRESSIVE
POLICING.
>> ARE WE TALKING ABOUT
GENERALLY?
OR ARE WE TALKING ABOUT POLICE
OFFICERS BEING UNDER ATTACK.
LET'S GO BACK TO WHEN THIS WHOLE
THING STARTED IN FERGUSON.
>> YOU'RE LUMPING A WHOLE BUNCH
OF THINGS INTO ONE.
>> THAT'S WHERE THIS WHOLE PHONY
MOVEMENT GOT STARTED.
>> YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT BLACK
LIVES MATTER?
>> RIGHT.
>> SO YOU WOULD NEED TO SPEAK TO
SOMEONE WHO IS A MEMBER OF BLACK
LIVES MATTER ABOUT WHETHER THEY
ARE -- HAVE PERPETRATED A FRAUD
ON THE AMERICAN PEOPLE, THAT'S
UP TO BLACK LIVES MATTER, I'M
NEITHER A MEMBER OF BLACK LIVES
MATTER, I'M NEITHER A SUPPORTER
OR SOMEONE WHO DOESN'T SUPPORT
THEM.
>> CAN YOU SUPPORT THE
ANTI-POLICE RHETORIC COMING FROM
THIS HATEFUL IDEOLOGY.
>> AS A JOURNALIST SILTING ON
TELEVISION, I DON'T HAVE TO
CONDEMN ANYTHING.
IT'S OTH
.
>> IT'S LIKE GROUPS LIKE THE
KKK, I CONDEMN IT.
THERE IS NO PLACE IN AMERICAN
DISCOURSE FOR THAT SORT OF VILE,
VITRIOLIC HATE COMING OUT OF
THAT IDEOLOGY.
THIS HAS FUELED AND FANNED THE
FLAMES OF THIS ANGER TOWARD THE
AMERICAN POLICE OFFICER, THERE'S
ONLY ONE GROUP IN AMERICA, ONE
TIME, THAT TRULY CARES ABOUT THE
LIVES OF BLACK PEOPLE IN THE YOU
ARE BAN GHETTO, AND IT'S THE
AMERICAN POLICE OFFICER, WHO
GOES OUT THERE ON A DAILY BASIS,
TO PUTA ATHEIR LIVES ON THE LIN
TO PROTECT WHO?
BLACK PEOPLE.
LET'S HAVE A CONVERSATION ABOUT
THE BLACK ON BLACK CRIME WHICH
KILLS MORE BLACK MALES, WHICH IS
MORE LIKELY IN THE UNITED STATES
THAN A LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER.
>> THAT'S A DIFFERENT
CONVERSATION.
WE CAN WALK AND CHEW GUM AT THE
SAME TIME.
THERE'S AN ISSUE WHEN IT COMES
TO VIOLENCE.
IT'S CRIME, WHITE PEOPLE TEND TO
KILL WHITE PEOPLE.
BLACK PEOPLE TEND TO KILL WHITE
PEOPLE.
THERE IS A DIFFERENT
CONVERSATION THAN POLICE
BRUTALITY.
AND WE'RE NOT HAVING THAT
CONVERSATION RIGHT NOW.
I WANT TO BE CLEAR WITH YOU, I
CONDEMN ALL VIOLENCE OF ANY
TYPE.
JUST FOR THE RECORD.
>> IT WAS A SITUATION BETWEEN
MIKE BROWN AND DARREN WILSON,
WAS THAT POLICE BRUTALITY?
>> WE'RE NOT TALKING ABOUT MIKE
BROWN AND DAREN WILSON.
IF YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT WHAT THE
JUSTICE DEPARTMENT SHOWED, IT
EXONERATED OFFICER CARRRCARREN
DA
DACAR
DAREN WILSON.
>> YOU'RE GOING TO SEE THAT
BLACK MALES ARE OVERREPRESENTED
IN TERMS OF BEING INVOLVED IN
VIOLENT CRIME, THAT'S GOING TO
MEAN MORE ARRESTS, MORE PEOPLE
GOING TO PRISON.
THIS STUFF HAS ALREADY BEEN
DEBUNKED.
>> SHERIFF, THERE'S A DIFFERENT
CONVERSATION.
>> ANY TIME YOU DON'T HAVE A
RESPONSE TO SOMETHING I SAY --
>> THE REASON I DON'T HAVE A
RESPONSE IS THAT WE'RE HAVING
TWO DIFFERENT CONVERSATIONS.
I'M ASKING THE QUESTIONS HERE,
YOU'RE ANSWERING THE QUESTIONS
BY ASKING QUESTIONS ABOUT SOME
OTHER SUBJECT THAT WE'RE NOT
DISCUSSING, THAT'S NOT A
CONVERSATION.
>> WE'RE TALKING ABOUT THE
HATEFUL IDEOLOGY OF BLACK LIVES
MATTER, YOU CAN'T BE A MEMBER,
IT'S AN IDEOLOGY, IT'S A HATEFUL
IDEOLOGY.
>> I UNDERSTAND THIS IS A VERY
SENSITIVE TIME FOR YOU.
>> THESE INDIVIDUALS --
>> AND SHERIFF, WE APPRECIATE